‐ Previously
on "Project Blue Book"...
‐ Spaceships, aliens,
all this stuff
we're asked to investigate‐‐
the Air Force
knows they don't exist.
There is nothing that
can come out of that sky
that you or I can't explain.
‐ If you believe
that you have seen these
strange lights in the sky,
please raise your hands.
‐ You don't actually
believe an inch of this
could be for real, do you?
‐ The probability of us
being alone in our universe
is zero.
‐ And what does
your husband do?
‐ Can't really talk about it.
[camera shutter clicking]
‐ I think there's
something more going on.
‐ Logic can't begin to explain
what we're dealing with here.
[dial whirring]
‐ Something big
is about to happen,
something you've been
waiting for
since you took this job:
proof.
‐ I'd like to be up there,
sir.
No one's better qualified
at this stage.
In my opinion,
it was an aircraft,
but I have no idea what kind.
‐ I'm convinced
that Captain Quinn
believes his story.
The confusion described,
the disorientation
sounds more like
hypoxic dementia.
‐ After all we've seen,
you sold me out.
‐ The only way
to really get to the truth
is to convince them
that we don't believe.
Because if we don't believe,
then we're not a threat,
and if we're not
a threat, then...
‐ We keep our jobs.
‐ Jobs which will allow us
to continue our search
for the truth.
[jet engines roaring]
‐ We have our orders, fellas.
Keep it together.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪♪
Generals,
I'm moving in to engage.
♪ ♪♪
[gunfire]
What the hell?
[objects whooshing]
I can't keep up with it!
♪ ♪♪
[objects whooshing]
[groaning]
I can't hold it.
It's taking control!
[alarm beeping]
‐ Captain, standing by.
‐ Losing power.
Losing control.
‐ Has the target
been eliminated?
Captain Quinn,
what is your status?
Come in, Captain Quinn.
‐ Captain Quinn,
do you copy?
[distorted]
Do you copy?
Pull up. Pull up, Captain.
‐ There are still things
that I just can't account for.
‐ There is nothing
that can come out of that sky
that you or I can't explain.
‐ Even when the truth
flies right over your head,
it's still
impossible to believe.
‐ [echoing] This is gonna
change everything.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Captain?
‐ Need I remind you
of our purpose here?
‐ Captain, do you read me?
‐ Flying saucers don't exist.
‐ Captain!
Captain.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Captain, what do you think?
It's, uh‐‐
it's for the generals.
I figured if we advertised
our patriotic victories,
we'd earn back some trust.
‐ Give the generals
what they want,
lets us uncover the truth
in our own time.
‐ You don't seem so sure now.
‐ I've been thinking
about what happened up there,
that plane over D. C.
That theory of yours,
hypoxic dementia.
Maybe I was imagining things.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Going somewhere?
‐ Ah, it just came up
last‐minute.
‐ Top secret flight request
to Roswell, New Mexico,
just came up?
What the hell is going on?
‐ I got another one
of those calls last night.
[phone rings]
[clears throat]
Yeah?
Guy ranting about Roswell,
saying he knows
all its secrets...
all our secrets.
Says he has real evidence
this time.
‐ There's always gonna be
some nutbag out there
that says that
they have evidence.
You can't take it personal.
‐ Calls are one thing.
Every time I give an inch
to someone
who's looking to tear
our nation apart
with conspiracy theories about
aliens and flying saucers,
it tells me one thing.
♪ ♪♪
I didn't do my fucking job.
‐ Sure, I'm having
second thoughts.
I mean, look
at all these cases.
Every single one of them
has some sort of...
scientific logical explanation.
‐ You mean excuse.
‐ Look, I don't know
what I saw up there,
but I do know
people are scared,
and it's our job to tell them
there's nothing
to be afraid of.
‐ But that doesn't change
the fact that you and I
have both seen things
that can't be explained.
[knock at door]
[door clicks open]
‐ General Harding
is ready for you both.
‐ Here we go.
‐ Look what we
accomplished in D. C.
An unknown threat
buzzes the White House.
Hundreds of people witness it,
and yet we're the ones
to put it to bed.
How?
Because we officially
investigated it.
I want Project Blue Book
to formally close
the Roswell Incident.
‐ Closing Roswell
means reopening it.
You put Blue Book
in that position
and they fail,
those guys won't be
the only ones
to lose their jobs.
Are you ready to face that?
[knock at door]
‐ Yeah?
[door clicks open]
♪ ♪♪
‐ Generals.
Sir, you wanted to see us?
‐ We're going on
a little field trip.
‐ Uh, where?
‐ New Mexico.
I'll brief you in the air.
‐ Yes, sir.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Would you excuse us,
please, Doctor?
‐ Certainly.
‐ Thank you.
♪ ♪♪
You see anything
unusual out there,
I want you to call me
right away, you got it?
‐ Yes, sir.
‐ Go ahead.
[jet engines roaring]
♪ ♪♪
[men shouting indistinctly]
[engine turning over]
♪ ♪♪
‐ General Blackstone's
an old friend.
Deputy commander
of the 58th Bomb Wing.
Helped us clean up the whole
Roswell debacle back in '47.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Jimmy.
‐ Ryan.
Great to see you.
What it's been,
about six years now?
‐ [chuckles]
Looking more like,
uh, ten for you.
‐ Ah.
General,
Captain Quinn, Dr. Hynek.
‐ I'm sure the general
has told you all about
our, uh, situation here.
‐ His side of it, yes.
‐ Six years on,
we've still got
locals spreading lies
about, uh, aliens
running around
out in the desert.
‐ Yeah, you said
you had a file room set up
for these guys
so they can get started?
‐ I got the reports
all laid out for you.
♪ ♪♪
‐ I'll be right outside
if you need anything else.
‐ Thank you.
‐ You're welcome, sir.
♪ ♪♪
‐ [scoffs]
This is all redacted.
There's nothing here.
♪ ♪♪
‐ You do know what
we need to do here, right?
Rubber‐stamp this and move on.
‐ You wanna rubber‐stamp
something like that?
♪ ♪♪
‐ I was actually relieved
to get your call, Jim.
Ever since D. C.,
town's been talking again.
People just don't
wanna believe.
‐ People?
How many people?
‐ If this was
just a weather balloon,
why all the secrecy?
I mean, there's not even
a photograph of the crash site.
This is ridiculous!
I mean, this can't be
all there is.
‐ Doc...
[chuckles]
I mean, there's obviously
something going on here.
Listen, Harding
wouldn't have brought us
if this was a total cover‐up.
‐ Oh, yeah, he would,
if he thought
we were gonna play ball.
After D. C., we're the ones
who close cases, remember?
[door slams]
‐ Doesn't mean every case
is a cover‐up now.
‐ Go, go, go!
‐ What's going on?
‐ Stay here.
[alarm blaring]
[men shouting indistinctly]
♪ ♪♪
‐ General, we have a report
of a downed aircraft about
50 miles northwest of here.
‐ Is it one of ours?
‐ No, sir.
We have no idea what it is,
but apparently
the whole desert's on fire.
[blaring continues]
♪ ♪♪
[engines rumbling]
‐ There it is.
♪ ♪♪
[men shouting indistinctly]
What the hell is that?
♪ ♪♪
[fire roaring]
All right, let's get
that flag out of there.
Put some shovels
on that fire, let's go.
What are you waiting for?
Let's go, let's go!
[men shouting indistinctly]
♪ ♪♪
‐ Hey, what have you got?
‐ This was found at the site,
but it's locked.
‐ Okay, let me see that,
please.
Thank you.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Doc, what is that?
‐ I don't know...yet.
‐ Harding?
‐ The day the, uh,
original Roswell crash
was reported in the press,
July...
‐ 8, 19‐‐
‐ 1947, yes.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Jim.
Box has your name on it.
♪ ♪♪
‐ How'd you know
how to do that?
♪ ♪♪
‐ What is that?
What are you doing?
‐ Evidently
somebody left us a message.
‐ "In 1947, alien spacecraft
crashed in this desert.
"Before you stands the man
who covered it all up,
General Harding."
‐ "Tomorrow at 9:00 a. m.,
I will show the world proof
of what really happened
in Roswell, New Mexico."
♪ ♪♪
[eerie music]
‐ You can see
this smoke for miles, Jim.
Only a matter of time
before this place
starts rumbling again.
‐ Can't have this happen again.
I need to find out
who did this.
‐ You don't think
I'd have an idea.
‐ It's your town.
‐ Jimmy, after what you
pulled here in '47,
you know who'd wanna stage
a stunt like this?
Everyone.
‐ General, the captain
and I were talking.
There's a TV station
here in town.
What if we went there to...
stop this news from spreading,
get ahead of it
like we did in D. C.?
‐ That's actually
a great idea.
Tell them it's
a national security issue.
Tell them to keep
their mouths shut.
Anyone's got a problem,
you let me know.
‐ Sir.
‐ Quinn.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪♪
That note.
It stays between us,
you understand?
‐ Of course, sir.
♪ ♪♪
What the hell was that
all about back there, huh?
I know you weren't just
trying to make us look good.
‐ If you read the reports,
you'd know that Harding
was the man in charge
of the investigation
and that he ordered
all the material gathered
at the crash site
flown out of the base
as quickly as possible‐‐
on two separate planes,
in case one crashed.
‐ Wait, how do you know that?
That's classified information.
‐ I have a source I rely on for
these kind of situations now.
‐ What source?
‐ We have 24 hours
to find out who wrote this;
we won't be able to do that
if we wait on Harding
to give his orders.
‐ What, we have
to find this nutjob?
‐ Well, if Harding
finds him first,
he'll bury anything
they have
and we'll never know
if any of it's true.
[phone rings]
‐ Hello?
‐ Mimi.
‐ Oh, Allen.
Where are you?
I thought you'd
be home hours ago.
‐ I'm in New Mexico.
Roswell, actually.
‐ What?
When did that happen?
‐ Late last night.
Harding practically
kidnapped us.
Look, I need
some information again.
‐ Okay, just hold on.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Is this my handsome captain
calling me to say
he's running late?
‐ I'm actually calling
to cancel.
I'm out of town
for a couple days.
‐ Anywhere fun?
‐ Anywhere but.
♪ ♪♪
And here I was, hoping to enjoy
that warm bed of yours again.
♪ ♪♪
‐ The first thing I'm gonna
need is, uh, names of witnesses
who may have seen something
strange, peculiar
July 1947.
‐ Well, when I get back,
I promise.
♪ ♪♪
I gotta go.
‐ I'll miss you.
‐ You too.
♪ ♪♪
[sighs]
‐ You look flushed.
‐ Sunburn.
Not used to this heat.
You get what you needed?
‐ I have to check back later.
‐ Is this source, like,
a student or something
scouring the library?
‐ Yeah, something like that.
Come on,
station's this way.
♪ ♪♪
‐ There was another crash?
‐ No, no, there was no crash.
That's why we're here.
It's all a hoax.
So if anyone tries to report...
‐ What do you mean,
a hoax?
‐ Well, it's under
investigation,
which means that for now,
should anything get broadcast
without prior Air Force
authorization,
it would be
a national security issue.
‐ Totally understand.
Whatever the Air Force wants.
Don't wanna lose
my license again.
‐ Lose your license again?
What do you mean?
[bell rings]
Mr. McDoyle.
‐ Yes?
‐ Someone tried to take
your broadcast license away?
Uh, when?
‐ Uh, it was back in '47,
after the first crash,
but it was just
a misunderstanding.
You got nothing
to worry about this time.
♪ ♪♪
I'm a patriot,
just like you boys.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Well, that wasn't weird
at all, was it?
‐ So on the day
of the original crash,
the radio station
reportedly broadcast calls
from panicked locals
who say they saw
an actual ship crash down.
‐ The radio station
that's now the TV station.
‐ The Air Force allegedly
confiscated the tapes
of those calls
and, it would appear,
threatened to take away
the station license as well.
‐ Okay, how do you know
all this stuff?
Why do you know all this stuff?
‐ I told you, after D. C.,
I started looking
into past cases.
‐ Yeah, to understand the
history a little bit more, yes,
but these details...
there's nothing
in the official reports.
What else do you know
about what happened here?
And where are you
getting this information?
‐ It's just drawn together
from various sources,
researches, reports‐‐
it's all public record.
‐ So it's hearsay.
‐ Well, you look at it that
way, our entire job is hearsay.
The unofficial version
of events at Roswell
is quite compelling, Captain.
♪ ♪♪
‐ All right, Doc.
Compel me, then.
‐ July 5, 1947.
[thunder booming]
There was a major storm.
The locals said
it was the lightning
that took it down that night.
[lightning crashing]
Next morning, a rancher
by the name of Mike Connors
found his field covered
in a strange metal.
♪ ♪♪
He said whatever
the debris was,
he could tell
that it wasn't man‐made.
♪ ♪♪
By the end of the day,
his neighbors are showing up,
collecting bits of it
for themselves,
and he felt it was his duty
to inform the authorities.
They took one look at it,
and they all thought
the same thing.
It was part
of an extraterrestrial craft.
♪ ♪♪
And...someone leaked it out.
Soon as the story
hit the wire,
it caused shockwaves
far and wide.
Papers in Europe
even got hold of it.
And that...is when
the big guns arrived.
♪ ♪♪
General Harding,
he was put in charge
of the investigation,
or the cover‐up,
depending
on how you look at it.
♪ ♪♪
Once he got to Connors' farm,
no one's really sure
what happened,
but two days later,
Connors bought himself
a brand‐new car,
and the entire town
stopped talking.
♪ ♪♪
[flashbulb pops]
During that time,
the wreckage
was flown out of Roswell
and taken to Texas,
where Harding held
a press conference.
[reporters clamoring]
The saucer, he said,
was nothing more
than a weather balloon.
♪ ♪♪
‐ I'm gonna get a cheeseburger.
You want a cheeseburger?
‐ Did you hear
anything that I said?
‐ Every word.
[sighs]
Getting at the truth
and entertaining
every conspiracy story
are two very different
things, Doc.
‐ Well, maybe you need to ask
yourself which conspiracy
you are entertaining,
because you saw Harding
at that crash site,
and he was‐‐hi.
Thank you.
[clears throat]
[soft music playing
over speakers]
‐ There you go.
‐ Okay...
‐ He's hiding something.
‐ Let's say even half
your story is true.
How does one person
silence an entire town?
‐ One by one,
starting at the radio station.
After D. C., we agreed to work
together from the inside,
following the evidence
wherever it led us.
‐ We also agreed
to keep our heads down
so they don't get cut off.
I mean, Harding's practically
our chaperone here.
‐ Then we just need
to be extra careful.
Look, if someone in Roswell
really is holding
the smoking gun,
then this isn't just our chance
to reveal the truth; it also
means the cover‐up is real,
which makes it our duty
to bring Harding down.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪♪
Look, Captain,
I know you swore an oath.
I know what Harding
has done for you.
But this, this is‐‐
it's bigger than that.
‐ You realize
what you're saying.
‐ If the government
is covering up the existence
of flying saucers in Roswell,
then you and I are in the best
position to expose that truth.
♪ ♪♪
Are you willing
to do that with me?
♪ ♪♪
[dramatic music]
‐ Mike Connors.
♪ ♪♪
It's been a while.
‐ Hmm.
‐ General.
‐ Shit, I forget
how hot it gets out here.
I swear I have no idea
how you make a living
in a place like this.
Oh, I got your message.
‐ What message?
‐ You really didn't need
all the theatrics, although...
calling my house
in the middle of the night
just to get me here?
[chuckles]
That was ballsy.
♪ ♪♪
What happened?
Seriously.
Did you‐‐you spend it all?
Did you lose it
at the track?
♪ ♪♪
‐ Who wrote this?
‐ Look...
I'm here so we can
work this out,
just like last time.
You just give me the evidence
that you say you've kept
and this is yours.
‐ But...this isn't me.
I don't have anything.
♪ ♪♪
‐ You of all people
should know
that I don't like
being lied to.
[dark music]
Now, Mike, you really
want me to believe
that it wasn't you?
Come on.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪♪
‐ You know, when you
first came to see me...
♪ ♪♪
I thought you
were here to help.
And you did.
♪ ♪♪
That money changed my life.
And I've regretted it
every day since.
♪ ♪♪
Get the hell off my land.
‐ Okay.
♪ ♪♪
Gentlemen...
he needs more convincing.
♪ ♪♪
‐ [grunts]
You think you can
get away with this again?
[indistinct]
again, Harding!
[grunts]
Now we know the real truth
of what happened there!
[grunts]
[blows landing]
[men yelling]
♪ ♪♪
‐ We'll see you next week.
‐ Thank you. Have a nice night.
‐ Sounds great.
‐ Evan.
‐ Betty.
Oh, you missed a whopper
of a meeting today.
The Aurora Incident of 1897.
‐ I think my mind
is still reeling
over last week's
McMinville photos, but...
I'm glad I caught you
before you left.
‐ Oh, I know that face.
You're down the rabbit hole,
aren't you?
‐ I'm looking
for more on Roswell.
‐ Aren't we all?
‐ Specifically
eyewitness testimony,
people who saw the crash,
the debris,
anything like that.
I'm just so impressed
by what you've been able
to find.
‐ [chuckles]
I'll tell you what.
I've got
my research notebook here.
I'll copy what I have.
I'll bring it
to next week's meeting.
‐ Do you mind if I borrow it?
It's time‐sensitive.
♪ ♪♪
‐ You have a time‐sensitive
Roswell situation?
‐ It's a long story.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Take close care of this,
Betty, but...
you have to promise
to tell me that long story.
‐ Evan...thank you.
I will bring this back
next week, I promise.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Who was that?
‐ Uh, that's Betty Carpenter.
She likes to lurk in the back.
Just moved here from Raleigh.
‐ Is that what she told you?
Evan...
I know who that is.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Yeah, I think this‐‐
this trucker, Duncan Booker.
That's the best place to start,
from what I see here.
‐ Thank you.
You're a lifesaver.
‐ [chuckles] No problem.
‐ We gotta wrap this up, Doc.
Harding is gonna be
wondering where we've been.
‐ And the note says
the evidence comes out
at 9:00 a. m. tomorrow.
We're running out of time.
Come on.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Who's this guy again?
‐ Only witness to claim
to have seen
the saucer in the sky.
[knocking]
Hello?
Mr. Booker?
♪ ♪♪
‐ Uh...
‐ Mr. Booker?
[pounding]
[door creaks]
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪♪
‐ Duncan Booker.
Hello?
♪ ♪♪
Well, if I was betting
on who pulled our desert stunt,
I'd go all in on this guy.
♪ ♪♪
You see something?
‐ I'll be right back.
♪ ♪♪
‐ There was more
than one crash site.
♪ ♪♪
[door creaks]
Hey.
Oh, hold on!
♪ ♪♪
Duncan!
U.S. Air Force.
You don't need to run!
♪ ♪♪
‐ Air Force?
What are you doing
in my house?
‐ What were you doing running
if it's your house?
♪ ♪♪
‐ Door was open, by the way.
We knocked first.
It just...
‐ Still trespassing.
‐ We're sorry; we really
thought you were inside.
We just wanted to talk to you.
‐ Think I pulled that stunt
out in the desert,
don't you‐‐
the tires?
‐ You know about that?
‐ It's a small town.
Word travels fast.
‐ Well, what exactly
did you hear?
‐ Something, um,
about a hoax.
Exposing evidence,
I don't know.
Folks around here
are crazy, though,
ever since the first one.
‐ All this stuff here,
uh, the...
maps, diagrams, photos‐‐
‐ You think I'm crazy now?
‐ It just looks
a whole lot like a plan
to expose evidence,
that's all.
‐ It's research.
Nothing wrong with that,
is there?
‐ That craft you built
in the backyard,
is that research as well?
[dramatic music]
‐ It's my business, not yours.
‐ We didn't come here
to interrogate you.
We just wanna hear your story
about that night.
‐ Know what happened
the last time
the Air Force asked
to hear about that?
‐ No.
But it doesn't look
like it went well.
♪ ♪♪
Duncan, we're part
of Project Blue Book.
We'd like to hear your story,
all of it.
Then maybe we can help you.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Help how?
‐ We don't think you're crazy.
Maybe we can get
the truth out there,
but we can't do that
if we don't know
what really happened.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Wasn't just me, you know.
Judy saw it too.
‐ Who's Judy?
‐ My girlfriend.
We were in love back then.
[thunder booming]
One night, we were
parked way out,
watching the storm roll in.
We get them out here
where there's thunder
and lighting but no rain.
We were trying
to take advantage,
I guess you could say.
One minute, you got
some nice rolling thunder.
Then it, uh...
sounded like the sky itself
was falling.
[crashing]
We watched the ship
crash down...
out over a ranch.
Judy begged me not to go look,
but I didn't listen to her.
Now a day doesn't go by
that I wish I hadn't.
‐ Duncan, we should go back.
♪ ♪♪
‐ I, uh...
I got right up close to it.
Saw inside.
Saw‐‐saw something
start to open the hatch.
Run!
♪ ♪♪
And we ran for our lives.
[exhales heavily]
When I called the base
to tell them my story,
well, they threatened us.
♪ ♪♪
Judy was so scared, she...
agreed to whatever
they wanted her to.
Don't sign this!
‐ I have to sign it, Duncan!
‐ Left town
shortly after that.
♪ ♪♪
Never saw her again.
That's why I can't let this go.
♪ ♪♪
You know, we used to talk
about getting married
before all that happened.
I don't blame her, though.
They told us they'd
bury us out in the desert
if we didn't say
it was a weather balloon.
‐ Yeah, I'm sorry, are you
saying Air Force officials
threatened your life?
‐ Not officials.
Just one man.
♪ ♪♪
‐ I knew something
didn't feel right this time.
‐ Well, for all we know,
it was just a bluff.
‐ We can't risk that.
Eisenhower's not
the ally we thought.
If we don't prove
our worth now,
we can kiss oversight
on this matter good‐bye.
He needs to see
that we're in charge.
So seal up the town
and tighten it up
like last time.
‐ These people have been
through enough of that, Hugh.
‐ Hey, don't give up on me now.
We've gotta
protect the program.
‐ Don't pretend that you do
what needs to be done
when I'm the one doing it.
I'll call you
when I'm finished.
♪ ♪♪
Son of a bitch.
[light music]
♪ ♪♪
‐ Are you sure
you can't stay?
I was gonna make
blueberry pancakes.
‐ You're a sweetheart.
I can't.
‐ What, you gotta work?
Where do you work?
Never asked you that.
‐ It's a boring
secretarial job.
You won't lose any points,
don't worry.
‐ Okay.
‐ Can you help me with my...
♪ ♪♪
What are you doing?
‐ I'm sorry, miss, this is
a matter of national security.
Need to see what
you're hiding under there.
‐ I have to go to work.
♪ ♪♪
[giggles]
‐ Well, you are gonna be
a little late.
♪ ♪♪
[dramatic music]
‐ He's been lying
from the start.
You do realize that was
a firsthand account of Harding
threatening a civilian
to hide what happened here.
No weather balloon
fits that story.
‐ If you believe
Duncan's story about Harding,
you have to believe all of it.
So you believe he saw a flying
saucer fall from the sky?
‐ We have to reinterview him,
check his details,
but, you know, it's a theory.
‐ Well, how about this theory?
He's crazy.
‐ [laughs]
Come on.
‐ The man built
a flying saucer.
Who does that?
‐ Maybe a man
struggling with the trauma
of a legitimate past encounter.
And what about all
the other witness accounts?
‐ Two people‐‐
we've talked to two people.
‐ So far,
but there are others.
All those people who
called in to the station?
We can find them, unless you
think they'd all be lying too.
‐ Well, all I'm saying
is that before we go accusing
the U. S. Air Force of a crime,
we have to have some real‐‐
What's all this?
‐ Whoa, ho!
Hold it right there!
No more vehicles!
♪ ♪♪
You can't come through here.
I need you to turn
this Jeep around.
‐ Airman,
Captain Michael Quinn.
What are you talking about?
What's going on?
This is the way out.
‐ Roswell's
under quarantine, sir,
with shoot‐to‐kill orders
on anyone who tries to leave.
‐ Under whose authority?
‐ General Harding.
Whole town's locked down.
‐ Well, this is the way out.
What are we supposed to do?
‐ I'm sorry, sir.
I need you to turn
this Jeep around.
[gunshots]
Shooter!
‐ Doc, get down!
[gunshots]
‐ Up on the ridge!
Three o'clock!
[dramatic music]
‐ He's on the move!
Shooter's getting away!
Let's go, let's go!
‐ You all right, Doc?
‐ Yeah.
‐ I got you.
♪ ♪♪
Close call.
‐ Sir, you gotta
get out of here.
♪ ♪♪
‐ This town's remembering
his playbook.
It's just like before.
Harding's silencing
Roswell again.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Not if we're here.
Come on, let's go.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Right now, we're working
on a plan to go door to door.
We're gonna start here.
We'll work our way north.
If we‐‐
‐ General.
Sir.
What the hell's
going on out there?
‐ Where have you two been?
‐ We almost just got killed
by an active shooter
at your checkpoint.
‐ A shooter?
‐ Roswell's under quarantine?
No wonder people
are trying to attack us.
Sir...
what really happened here?
‐ No one in this town
is falling for that
weather balloon theory anymore,
and neither are we,
so either you come clean
with us right now‐‐
‐ Enough.
Frank, can you
give us a couple minutes?
‐ Hell yes.
I got a crazy shooter
to deal with now.
‐ First of all,
I'm glad you're okay.
Secondly, I'm sorry.
The reason we put out
a quarantine
was for everyone's safety.
‐ More like to keep
the cover‐up going.
‐ Oh, you think there was
a cover‐up, do you?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Sir, we just‐‐
‐ You're right.
♪ ♪♪
There was.
What crashed in '47
wasn't a weather balloon.
That's just what we had
to tell the public.
It was a top secret
spy balloon,
code‐named Project Mogul.
Its primary purpose
was the long‐range detection
of sound waves generated by
the Soviets'
atomic bomb tests.
We couldn't let the Russians
know what we were up to, so...
we lied.
[reporters clamoring]
We told the world
it was a weather balloon.
And then we tried to put
the genie back in the bottle.
‐ So there was
a cover‐up in Roswell.
‐ To hide a classified
government program
to keep Americans safe?
You're damn right there was.
♪ ♪♪
And now you know
the real truth.
Dismissed.
‐ Even you have to admit
it makes sense.
The secrecy,
the clamping down on civilians,
need to change
initial reports.
Yeah, these witnesses
did see something
they never saw before;
no one had.
‐ Yeah, but the debris
these witnesses described‐‐
sure, there may have been
some sophisticated
audio equipment on board,
but a spy balloon
is still just a balloon
made of rubber,
sticks, and tinfoil.
How could so many
have gotten it so wrong?
‐ You worried
they got it wrong, Doc,
or you did?
‐ Sir!
We found the shooter!
‐ He's barricaded himself
in his house.
‐ We have him surrounded.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Sir.
‐ What's going on?
Who's in there?
‐ Post that was fired on
tracked the shooter back here.
He's been setting off
smoke bombs when we arrived.
He's holed up inside right now.
Name's Stewart Terry,
former service member.
‐ What are they
gonna do to him?
‐ Professor, stay back.
I want that man alive,
you hear me?
‐ Sir.
Squad, let's move out.
‐ Roll out!
‐ Let's go!
‐ Move!
‐ Where is he?
‐ Let's go, kick it in!
[door crashes]
[smoke bomb hissing]
‐ Captain,
he's escaping out the back.
♪ ♪♪
[engine rumbling]
[both grunt]
‐ Captain!
Captain!
‐ [grunting]
[dramatic music]
‐ Get your hands off of me!
‐ So he pretty much
confessed to shooting
at the checkpoint earlier.
‐ He say why?
‐ Said he had a bad taste
in his mouth from the last time
the military
took over the town.
Couldn't bear
to see it happen again.
‐ What about the tire stunt?
‐ Swore it wasn't him.
‐ Thanks, fellas.
Good team effort.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Get that burn
looked at, Captain.
‐ Yeah.
[exhales]
Doc...thanks for your help.
‐ I believe
I just pointed at him.
You were the one who ran.
‐ Nice work, fellas.
Certainly wasn't expecting this
when I asked you to come.
‐ What's gonna happen to him?
‐ Well, he'll be facing
a military trial
and probably spend the rest
of his life in prison.
Let's get back to base.
I wanna get in a plane home
as fast as possible.
♪ ♪♪
[knock at door]
‐ You do live here.
‐ Evan, um...hello.
‐ This is Allen Hynek's home.
I‐‐I looked up the address.
Your name's not
really Betty, is it?
And you're his wife.
‐ Come inside.
♪ ♪♪
Please.
Do you want a scotch?
Bourbon?
‐ Uh...bourbon's all right.
♪ ♪♪
‐ I just put in a couple
of ice cubes, if that's okay.
‐ Mm‐hmm.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Evan...I'm sorry.
I mean, I lied about who I was
because I was worried
I wouldn't be accepted
into the group.
‐ When Caroline
told me who you were,
I thought you were
working with the FBI.
‐ [sighs]
‐ They try
to infiltrate our groups‐‐
not just ours,
across the whole country.
‐ But what does the FBI want
with civilian UFO groups?
‐ They think we're dangerous.
‐ [chuckles]
Well, that's silly.
‐ We are dangerous.
The government is involved
in a massive conspiracy
to cover up the evidence
of visitors from other worlds.
When we try
to expose the truth,
that makes us
enemies of the state.
♪ ♪♪
How much does your husband
share with you?
♪ ♪♪
‐ He shares...
‐ Do you have access
to his files?
‐ Why are you asking me that?
‐ I don't wanna
make you uncomfortable,
but you are aware
of Blue Book's reputation?
‐ Well, are you aware
of my husband's?
‐ Yes, and it's stellar...
at least for now.
Mimi, you have the ability
to do something
that we could never do,
to pass along information
to the one person
who could make a difference.
And that makes you
part of the solution.
If I show you what I know...
together...
we could blow the lid off
this whole government cover‐up.
♪ ♪♪
‐ There, how's that?
‐ Thank you.
[sighs]
♪ ♪♪
What is it?
I know that look.
♪ ♪♪
Doc...
‐ Okay...
why lure in the Air Force
claiming a conspiracy
if all you were planning to do
was go out in a blaze of glory?
‐ Oh, come on. Still?
[sighs]
Okay.
Because he had no evidence
and his plan was to be a martyr
for the cause all along.
How's that?
[door bangs]
That's the shooter.
‐ You're gonna be all right.
‐ Looks like someone
beat the hell out of him.
♪ ♪♪
‐ Excuse me there, fellas.
Could we have a moment, please?
Thank you.
♪ ♪♪
Who did this to you?
‐ I tried to tell him
I'm not who you're after.
‐ Who?
♪ ♪♪
You tried to tell who?
‐ [groaning]
White hair...
blue eyes.
Kept saying it's personal.
♪ ♪♪
‐ And you don't know
who that is?
‐ When I shot that post,
I was just trying
to scare 'em.
Felt like
it was happening again.
Thought the Army was coming
after me for what I'd done.
But I told him...
I kept my secret
after the first crash.
Why would I wanna try
and broadcast it now?
‐ What secret
after the first crash?
♪ ♪♪
‐ You are in a world
of shit right now.
We might be able
to help you
but only if you
tell us the truth.
What secret
from the first crash?
♪ ♪♪
‐ What almost no one knows...
Is that there were two
separate crash sites:
that rancher's field
everyone read about
and another,
far more secure site...
‐ Hey, guys!
You gotta see this!
‐ Where they found
the rest of the ship.
‐ Look at this!
‐ What is it?
‐ Over here!
That's where
I was stationed.
Ordered to secure
the perimeter.
Authorized to shoot anybody
who wasn't supposed
to be there.
Thought it was a kid
at first,
sneaking a peek at what
no one was meant to see.
Hey, kid, you can't be here!
So I chased him.
Hey!
I know this sounds crazy...
but when I shot...it....
[gunshot]
♪ ♪♪
I could feel its pain.
Never told anyone.
Weeks later,
when the wreckage was cleared,
I retraced my steps,
recovered its remains...
Buried it under a big dead tree
on my land
so no one would know.
It's still out there.
♪ ♪♪
[air raid siren wailing]
‐ What's going on?
‐ What is that?
‐ Let's go! Move!
[people yelling indistinctly]
‐ Get out now!
♪ ♪♪
[tense music]
‐ Five, five, six...
five, three, nine.